So I think we can not live if old people could not find science and technology and they did not develop .
For not using a car .
There was no promise in the morning except when we looked up through the trees we saw how low the forest had swung .
Thus even today sex is considered as the least important topic in many parts of India .
image you as if you are working in a factory just to do one thing , like pot taire on a car . If they fire you , you will be destroyed , because you do n't know more than pot taire in a car .
They draw the consumers , like me , to purchase this great product with all these amazing ingredients and all that but actually they just sometimes make something up just to increase their sales .
I want to talk about novice or bad products like alcohol , hair spray and cigarettes .
For example , they can play football whenever they want but the elderly can not .
It features Diana Krall wearing a Rolex watch and has a text that suggests that if the reader wants to belong to the restricted club , not necessarily of Rolex watch wearers , but of highly talented , sophisticated and competent artists , he or she should also have a Rolex .
There are several reasons .
Also , the work of the media , television , magazines , and every piece of publicity affects the emotions of many people around the world , encouraging them to buy and buy anything they can .
Since most urban areas are occupied with cars , they are all facing an irresistible problem of air and noise pollution .
It is true that consumers prefer to buy a product that has a lower price , but when international companies that already have the certification begin to enter the market , people will prefer to consume theirs because the difference between prices is probably not going to affect them too much .
4:they have a big chance to prepare for their future life
If one person does n't have good health , that means so many things they could lose .
Many studies over the last 50 years have shown that people who have fluoride in their drinking water considerably have less cavities than people who have not drunk nonfluoridated water .
Likewise , the theory generated from the concept of memory is also not the appropriate way due to limited memory .
because they spent time on meaningless subjects .
I was very fast , my best time was 5 5 seconds in 400 hundred meters . It is a good time in our country .
And young people spend more time on their lifestyle .
If people in this society do not study , they never take the opportunity or ca n't understand any ideas , so most of the important thing is that in this situation , I am also very interested and also prefer studying material .
We have to know this problem is serious but most people do n't know about it .
Students can focus on only a few subjects they are interested in and they will become experts in those areas .
But on the other hand , this makes other countries need to pay extra money to make and repair the roads . What they did was reduce the amount of gas consumers , increase the gas tax , and lower the income tax , because they thought only raising the gas tax was unfair .
Today , MBA students with a background in engineering are in high demand .
In the case of young people , the best way is studying as hard as possible to get better grades , so in the future they will have a better chance of finding better jobs .
So the school tries to teach the students a bit in every way science exists .
I think they have to get better at it .
Specializing in one particular subject does not suit our life in this era which is characterized by diversity and innovation .
I will explain my points of views in the following paragraphs .
He thinks differently from other people and he succeeded .
These activities make the community a better place to live in and inculcate these values in all the members .
Because all this broad knowledge helps them to understand their major in university as well as helps them to make a correct choice in specializing in study .
And it was very easy for me to understand why he always got bad marks at home .
Then when we went to the Science Olympiad , she could have diverse knowledge about the subjects and it was not new for her to think about new things .
If everyone thinks about learning and understanding lots of scientific subjects , no person will do it and , as a result of this , no science is improved .
Thus , in concordance with the above , I agree whole heartedly that in twenty years there will be fewer cars in use than there are today .
Third , the butt is in the front of the store door to make people see it even if it is not good .
However , are these things all good to people ?
Very soon they will run out at the current rate of utilisation .
In the lecture , however , the professor opposed the reading statement .
But you have to create these opportunities .
Through our lives we need to talk about our families .
They try new things .
In order to do this , they would need to learn additional skills , either theoretical or practical , that would increase their understanding and future application of their chosen subject .
If you want a product , you can create a beautiful image around it if you want to sell it .
Secondly , the location of the film must be very clear and the chair must be relaxed etc .
and will put your mind on non-stop learning ...
This will be the proof of speeding offense so that polices can easily catch them. .
Today 's Computer skill is my first important life skill .
He finally chose to learn the truth .
I have never stopped myself thinking about this , but this is a real possibility for the future .
Young has his own field and word on it hard , and brings more benefits to society .
and about the new information there are editors .
If we consider an idea as a totally autonomous concept within the individual process of defining reality , I will state that ideas are useless , not being based on experience .
He/she wants to know everything about the universe , wants to know everything about God , death etc. These are some concepts that everyone can encourage a lot of ideas but the facts are not found yet .
It is so expensive that only those people can do this besides their all day living .
They make very high profits year after year and the numbers also increase year after year .
For this reason , the number of cars will decrease in the future .
So he took it upon himself to narrow his research on this subject , which was a mystery to the world .
Others who do n't have this concept will sell uncerfied wood .
I did n't have self-confidence .
If there are specialized doctors , the doctor has done the operation very often before , so he is really talented in his job .
So it will be a good situation .
Also , I have traveled in a group without a tour guide .
The school teachers there are the ones who represent the future of the young generation , so we have to give them better knowledge .
so this test is very important to them .
but most of the time it is important because most students are not baly and his thoughts and ideas are very important .
Otherwise , it will be a problem for us to understand certain things in life .
I myself like to participate in these kinds of activities and meet many people who would like to do them .
Second , the amount of treasure locations are implausibly large .
He mainly concentrated on the questions asked him at the time of the interview .
because when we learn about some subjects we should have more information about what we study so that the student will get the information easier and better and this is my first reason .
In a market economy the price must reflect costs of the product and consumer 's willingness to buy the product .
Some tour guides who want to set maximum security make a tour difficult because you will only have a wonderful view through the bus .
Because the fashion culture has changed .
actually it was such an unstable trip .
It is obvious that after returning I was tired and the night was meant to sleep ! .
Nowadays , we need a person who is capable of all sorts of work .
Finally , fish farming relates to long term wastefulness which can pollute the sea .
Establishing connections with other researchers will open the door for new projects with other researchers .
Now I have outstanding scores .
He knows that there is no return in his help to others .
Furthermore , my friends , who are nineteen years old , drive their own car , and they would always like to buy another one .
As the cities were smaller , there was less violence , noise , traffic ...
There can not be no bothering and no hazzle .
Even though he knows the advertisement is unreal or looks pretty , he is going to buy the product .
These are several opposing points I observed between lecture and passage .
Even though she does not have a job , she also needs a car to use to pick up her kids or go shopping .
In early industry , a lot of workers worked together .
It kept Anasazi from living in the American Southwest at a very high temperature ; it caused droughts .
I have several reasons to support my choice .
Because one time you get success and next time why not ?
While at university , he might specialize in a subject , while still taking a number of other diverse courses .
Now we have all the information around us .
Both of these men have dealt with situations in an unconventional manner and the results are with everyone to see .
This will affect my exams .
Moreover , taking risks teaches you to accept both winning and losing . That is the most important lesson one should learn in order to achieve any kind of objective .
I would like to initiate , myself , whatever I do on my trip to get much out of my trip .
However , one student pointed out my mistakes .
It 's normal : proposing something to the client and constructing something different , is the best way ( and it 's legal ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! )
This is how we are transforming our society in the present day . The actual fact of being against this statement is that we are looking at what we want at the moment in order to have a great time .
Not only this , without a clear understanding of what is being taught , the student would not be able to perform well in the tests .
For example : a man whose hobby is playing football , he must want to play the ball day until night and night until day again .
At least I do in my consulting job .
Although the few lucky ones struck gold , most of the people simply vanished as they left their homes , only to be forgotten , and some of them even developed obsessions for the western mirage .
And like the citizens of the developed countries , these people want to own cars themselves .
We grip on many subjects and we get ample exposure greatly and easily .
But on the other hand there are also people that are often convinced by the interesting advertisements they see everywhere , because of this many times they have to face problems with the product that they bought and many times there is no way to give back that product .
They are responsible for the future of their society and the results can be the most helpful thing for society .
So the conclusion is clear .
and you can change your views and ideas , but you can not change your facts .
An old person has to give way to a younger one no matter whether he likes it or not .
Ever increasing competancy rates force them into frequent business model changes for a compatible transitional flexibility .
However , this reading passage casts doubts on the speaker 's remark .
However , all of them are limited .
That is what it gives us a lot of opportunities to think .
The placebo effect is not an illusion but real , so the drug has the placebo effect .
When I go to travel to see something I want , we do not know about when it is open or close , even though I have studied before , it might suddenly be closed .
Its cost is half the cost but the lifecycle is the same .
What we do now , we will be able to do later .
According to me , there are two kinds of studies : the ones highly technical and the others .
Thus , we begin to share information and ask about our own weaker subject .
For example , in the 2 0 0 6 world cup form Germany , as many conch wanna term work .
Many Scientists obtained clear results of investigations after the facts were on the table before they could even begin to theorise about them .
This will give rise to a holistic understanding .
They want to make people understand that the product is the best and really you can trust in it .
There can be many other theories about migrating and about the methods of migrating .
Thus , the environmental issue will push more people to consider another way to commute instead of driving a car .
On the other hand , he /she can continue doing what they do well and hope to be noticed .
Video is convenient , but , if teachers are concerned about students , using textbooks gives good ability for students .
They tend to restrict traffic on certain days , hours , increasing parking fees , etc .
For instance , we can consider that evolution exists .
So depending on the study it would be better one way or the other one . The thing is to choose the right one .
I am really sorry to continue like this but right now I am taking the test in a room with 5 more people than me and we are all taking the test on the computer .
In my opinion , it depends on the particular person .
Many people were killed by cars .
Global warming and green house effects have started recently .
Examples : If the good skill people do something the wrong way and they respond well like thief , robber , stolen , criminal and cause problems to other people .
For example , when we talk about speed , they must understand why dengue is better than if they have an axcedant . After that , they learn .
Therefore , people will be able to live with the automobile society and the nature of the future .
Then , how about if the talkative explains the project errounously ?
One car should be used by three people , so it is hoped it will reduce the number of cars during the busy hours .
And they can make products and sell them cheaper than most countries .
Marco Polo used Persian , not Chinese or Mongolian .
This is because of their knowledge on many subjects .
The fish industry affects these animals because these companies use the fish in the expansion of different foods like oil .
therefore I brought a car immediately .
Although the weatherrelated factors could be considered , such as the land shape of the area .
One of the reasons that fish is important is that fish can be an important bay for livestock and poultry .
Once the policy is mentioned in the reading passage .
Such unwritten law is very furious , but our world is furious .
Also , the youth have less mental pressure .
Think about creating a fire break .
Finally , the third cause is that birds use a type of internal compass . Birds have crystals of the mineral magetite embedded in their break .
If the teacher teaches them that they will go to study about that .
Just search the internet , and we will find out what we want , no matter how books stimulate our imagination and how high quality the book is .
In one case , for example , the copper scroll notes merely that treasure is hidden in the vivinity of a certain river .
In this case , students learn a concept and it is possible to use it in other fields .
This is the cheapest way for people to have a trip .
The lecture says it is more important to provide enough fish for people .
Furthermore , a tour guide will also provide safety and security for the trip , since they already know the do 's and don'ts of the tour .
On the other hand , each academic field needs specialists in order to progress .
Which caused her situation to get worse .
For example , one man is a football club fan .
By using new things , which is usually unknown to them and it includes risk with it .
You can see that in many books , news , newspapers , TVs , computers .
When many people were very young , they had a lot of time to learn knowledge . They did not have much time to enjoy life as much as possible .
This argument is not only true now , it has been ages . I want to talk about a live example of Sir .
The last one is that they have to study about disease , which means that they will be safe .
The consumers also know what advertisements are .
-Learn !
There are very successful politicians that have never tried something new .
You can become smarter than other people .
In my opinion , this statement is groundless and the youngsters today do contribute to their communities to a great extent .
And now because of this man I am writing my essay on the computer .
Therefore , we have to reduce sulfur and nitrogen dioxide .
Most of the things I hear are not true .
I think it is very hard to distribute the point and to make everyone understand , because when few people started to do so , they would think it is not fair at all . They are the few who are suffering , other people can not get it and continue doing the same thing . It just makes those people think stupid .
Maybe at the beginning , but time after time , other animals in the environment will choose them as their new food .
The older man would prefer to enjoy all the time he has , remembering that we live only once .
The scraping will cause heat and that heat(energy) will go into the car .
You will face huge difficulties in life if you dont know at least something about every subject .
Younger generation are more adaptable thus they can adapt to changing technology .
That is why I 'm here , to be ready for my education , that is , to be specialized in one specific subject that I would like to learn in every detail .
Furthermore the professor denies the reading passage which states that treasure does not exist and it is just fiction .
I chose law and began to study everything about Italian law .
But ideas of how you can solve this problem will actually give you a solution to the problem .
After all , personally , until now , I have been trying to go on a diet and manage my health more carefully .
Knowledge also plays an important role in life , which can be acquired by understanding concepts rather than learning things .
Most people do n't care about the environment or how consuming cars affects the ozone layer greatly .
In addition , it has a negative influence on agriculture .
Also , they have more responsibilities than young people .
The professor said , This can be changed to different environments .
This casts doubt on the reading passage 's assertion that fluoride prevents dental cavities .
I , on the other hand , have no major responsibility other than studying .
A good student must know how to understand and work hard to get the idea .
And the critics use few arguments .
Secondly , the information in videos is delivered in a very familiar format to students .
It was a reasonable price .
Of course , local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result .
The heart disease patients show improvement when they are taking placebo .
Besides , young people usually like new-fasion things , like the ipod or mp 3 . I can see that the main part of young people ca n't live happily without music in their ears and movies at home .
They are going to do it and do it for the better .
However , people do n't know there and they do n't know how to do it better or what they ca n't do .
Producing vehicles that are more fuel efficient will damage roads and that will cost a lot to repair .
so measures should be taken to check the fish 's population .
Some said this product is recommended by the most important doctor or something like that .
This creates pressure on people .
And there are a lot of scientists who just specialize in one specific subject and discover important concepts or invent things which make our society more convenient .
For example , last month , I bought a product for my skin . Actually , I bought the product because the advertising got my attention .
Newer vehicles are something that could fly in the sky , so we need n't be annoyed about traffic jams .
This offers you a lot more possibilities and you can stay at places you like and avoid the ones you do n't like .
But when we are in possession of these products are we really living a dream ?
The sulfur dioxide is generated by several natural processes and several human processes .
Sulfur dioxide is released into the air with other pollutants .
One without the other is nothing .
menhadens are the primary source of protein for livestock and poultry .
I understand people who think that funny movies are more interesting than others , especially when you watch a movie with friends , because it allows you to have fun with them .
In fact , old buildings are costly to maintain .
While the child spends about five hours or less with his parents , and whenever that child wants to go out , he will most probably go out with his friends , who are his classmates , so most of his school life will be spent with his classmates , and this will have a great affect on his personality , which will determine the way the child will react towards his school and will determine how he will use his life .
They have a broader spectrum of ideas that they can develop into competences throughout their student life .
Someone likes music and someone likes science , and someone is talented at ballet while someone is not .
I believe that the number of cars may decrease in twenty years ' time for some reasons .
This could help them to develop their thinking power , managing power , and good strategy making power to achieve their goals .
A perfect example of Real Politik was when Bismarck manipulated the letter written by the king and sent it to the French emperor Napoleon III .
In this case , a tour guide can be helpful to complete the trip in very little time as compared to what one might end up spending if one decides to explore the place himself/herself .
What I wanted to say is , that enjoying life can not be put into a definition to test if somebody is enjoying his or her life because it matches this definition .
But the owner that owns one car dealer shop offers him another job , with better conditions and benefits .
It is very obvious that more cars will be sold there .
Also , the food chain has become stronger than it was before , such as rabbits and hears .
For the older , the phone , the only function , in some ways , is a job , a project , a imper which the master calls on him with the related to the jobs .
According to me , in order to start a career through success , it 's important to have a solid base , that means knowledge and experience .
Therefore , I support the statement that it is more important to understand ideas and concepts than it is to learn facts .
Yes , that 's right , but there are some young people who think about the idealism of their country , about their communities in Indonesia , about their friends who ca n't eat , who ca n't go to school .
The time to take a risk can be compensated with consulting others who are more professional than me in sorting out the issues or solving the risky problems .
However , after prescribed burning , the forests can grow plentiful , and farmers can get more work than before .
Maybe doing what they already know how to do well is better than being annoyed with something that sounds new .
But in general , lies do not last very long .
Technology has grown so fast because everyone tries to work on an invention due to some ideas he has developed and concepts that have been applied to this idea from different subject areas .
Hence , from the very beginning , children form this hesitancy from interaction with other people , which time only solidifies .
He actually changed the way he played in the latter part of his career when he won all those championships .
We will continue to invent and produce more sophisticated technology based on our own comfort , which will decrease our ability to perform physical activities .
Facts are learned from experiences .
In my opinion , if they start one subject , never give up .
This contradicts the reading passage 's that it has bad influences on economics .
The purpose of travel is to have a lot of your time to relax , is n't it ?
The bass is not only a predator for menhaden , so if people catch more basses the population of other fishes will also grow .
They are today using this method as a curative measure but with increasing importance of preventive medicine , normal , healthy individuals are also attracted towards not using cars wherever possible .
This shows that people are aware of the disadvantages of getting old &raspsquo ; among them getting less pleasure from life , and try to delay or disguise it in any possible way .
In fact , we will need a lot of places to park all these cars , so we need a lot of projects for this type of car .
The government uses that money for public use and safety .
Second , the Sphinx is known as the Old Kingdom king .
Or , " Is this the right thing to do ? "
I started to have an interest in math . I spent a lot of time solving math problems and I got a good score on the exam . It made me have more passion for math .
Even after school , he has to participate in games and other extra - curricular activities that are compulsory to attend .
He has a lot of money and name but no family life .
Even though the place I went was Kyoto , which is the most beautiful city in Japan and they have the most valuable and interesting temples , nothing really remained in my mind after the trip because I was just part of the group and following a tour guide without thinking .
Board knowledge on many subjects is not possible to acquire .
I also think that AD is a way to make people feel happy , because you can dream ...
It is more exciting and memorable .
The first clue is that there are rocks near the coast which are considered to be made by Chinese explorers .
However , his efforts still bring him success .
Since I was in a group , I should respect the group rules .
One good way to always be safe and have a good time is to travel with a group and choose a good tour guide .
I think that there is not anything I want . What a tired city . Why do my father and mother want to visit this city ?
The lecturer is against the author 's insistments for the following reasons .
In addition , once he told me that he will never take risks doing other work because he 's been working for it for 12 years and he is already &raspsquo ; fluent &raspsquo ; at it .
For example , the most famous Thomas Edison was asked a question when he applied for a loan to a bank one more time for his experiments which were failing .
They behave as though they were just spontaneously praising a product during normal conversation .
To my surprise nothing happened .
For example , they do not like to wait much .
But as the lecturer suggested , we could subsidise the poor and this policy helps to put the right prices on our natural resources and environment .
There are cars that use gas to power them .
They can bring that problem to improve for many companies that will produce a new product .
Education is the basis of opportunities and the amount of subjects in which a person has knowledge conditions his or her opportunities in very important aspects of life , like work and even helping others .
It usually makes them more positive to do it .
In both advertisements it is said that these toothpaste will make your teeth brighter and brighter .
We must trust ourselves .
That seems why people live there .
Insufficient closet space , inefficient heating and decaying plumbing make life harder to live in old houses .
The advertisement says that the car has space for 10 people . The truth is that the car is just 4 people 's space . Another example is an advertisement for a skin soap . They say that this soap is the best because they say your skin will be as soft as a fifteen year old princess , or that your skin will be as soft as Jennifer Lopez 's skin .
That means people who have something specializing in one subject could get more chance of hiring .
And chimps can also remember what researchers said and almost perfect reply to what researchers said .
He will consider himself losing the years that he spent on collecting the money .
In addition , the technology on which these mass transport systems function is based primarily on non-conventional sources of energy .
First of all , old houses are not necessarily suited to the needs of modern residents .
Of course he has the risk of failing , but imagine the fantastic sensation of victory if his second bakery is as successful as the first one .
There are many people that do n't think before choosing .
Third , although the reading passage claims dinosaurs because their bone structure is similar to endothermy , scientists assume that this is not the case .
Ten years ago , a family that consists of five members owns at least two cars and it satisfies the transportation .
For example , we can see on the discovery channel in wildlife many people are hobbies to learn from animals .
The actual market requires more specific knowledge and broad knowledge .
Only by breaking out of your normal life can you discover new perspectives in your job and your private area .
I said yes .
When you are successful , you will have a reason to live .
And the important thing is to travel without a tour guide .
Fish farming uses lots of special products , such as fish meal .
Lawyers are young people .
Extending the same example as stated above , I can tell you during the worst period of Amitabh Bacchan he was offered to enter into politics to take advantage of the publicity that he had got and he would be paid for it heavily , so he was very much in need of financial support . Mr. Bacchan had rejected this offer only because he knew how politicians play with the emotions of ordinary people .
and when we want to get that energy , we need to divert the ground and soil or oceans , because that energy is found in those places .
A new plant could not grow after the fires .
Realist people can be more successful , as we can see in history .
They do not stop at the same time .
It means , to understand war development , you should understand the ideas and cultural movements that resulted in a particular period , and helped with the occurrence of that war , for example .
In the commercials they are all good .
alternative Reading passage emphesizes about alternative to prescribing burning by giving some terms like " disking " in this fire to clear out dry and dead shrubs and stimulate the growth of new plant life .
This saves valuable time . One can invest in more important activities .
But , even if this student passes the course , he/she will not be a successful lawyer in the future about contracts .
In other words , the verity of these towns would give some changes that might be used to encourage people who are interested in old things .
However , there were n't any particles .
That shows that few animals could sustain and be active in this harsh and cold environment .
The way I see it is that , the only thing that guides do is limit you , and even more when you are in a group .
The facts were n't as important as the context .
These ideas and concepts usually contain academic research which is totally reliable and dependent on the facts .
The professor agreed with some ideas and disagreed with some ideas .
But , I went to Juju island more than three times .
I would have a variety of answers subjective to every person 's field of interest .
The second one is to specialize in one specific subject , one has his own taste in studying , so let us talk about this subject .
I think that the car , twenty years from now , will use electric fuel not gasoline .
After this effort , many companies in the world started actions to get this ecocertify .
Is that right ?
Any user who has used any toothpaste definitely knows that this can never be true .
After the construction in 1908 of the first commercial car , the Ford T , man -kind has been subdued to the use of the car .
Everybody loves him and he does the same .
Successful people have gone through lots of hardships .
Younger people are still trying to obtain experience although , olde have it already .
Hence ideas and concepts are more reliable than facts .
This has to do with the signs of our nature that we encounter nowadays .
For example , drivers might memorize where the speed camera is located .
Take toys for example . Advertisments that target children in particular are the best example of the way advertisements create a false image of the product .
Cars were our answer to the need for transportation sixty years ago , and they will continue to be twenty more years from now .
They need cars for many things , such as transportation , transportation , transportation and business .
Because of the requirement of men going to the army , men have to sacrifice their precious time of youth .
If scientist will do something different like if he/she can modify the form of carbohydrate like gelatinized and nongelatinized carbohydrate then incorporated in fish feed then fish may be utilized more than previous then if fish utilize more then chances of growth will be more then it may be appreciated by everyone .
While turned out results from both experiences are the same , the method and the time that brings a result is not the same .
Because you do not need to be a hero in order to try new things , you just need to want it and know that any result will be a success in things that you want or in learning .
They have to consider the negative side of their suggestion .
In such a situation there is no other way .
In the reach family all the components have a car .
I held the map and tried to find all the famous points that had been marked on it .
Even the magnitudes on Mars are no evidence of life on Mars .
For example , when I traveled to France and Italy alone , I met a person in NIce who was a famous producer of the song in Taiwan .
Finding oil and petrol and digging for it is a very expensive procedure .
I hope those things I learned will help me in the future .
For this reason , the passage said that it is time for states to take measures to reduce the quantity of sulfur dioxide .
I think there must be many subjects better than one subject .
Also the animal population got better and they recovered really well after the fire .
It provides much wood to the industries .
SOME LUCE POINTS INWALL .
The gas from cars will destroy the environment of the earth and it will heat the earth up .
in writing we are nearly unable to show the feelings of people , but in the action on TV we can understand better than books .
These kinds of fish ca n't live so long in water that contains salt .
Everybody knows that today is a competition market in each and every field . We are facing competition . For example , if you are choosing your career in the software field , then you have to master that subject , then you can easily get a job .
Because you share only a single interest , thus making you a loner .
In addition , students want to learn the language and they want to use it , so when they understand the concepts and the ideas , it will help them to learn the language .
Indeed , they can be refused .
Unfortunately , we are individuals and living isolated from society .
but if they need money for these purposes they can do extra hardwork .
Learning
However , after I learned all sides happening in a company such as marketing , accounting , leadership , financial accounting , and business communication etc. .
An example that confirms or supports my point is clear in Chinese cars .
Furthermore , it is way better to live on knowledge than on guess and common facts that anyone could learn through the media .
It is the main resource for cars to work .
From my personal experience , when I was very busy finding information , the Internet was a very useful and fast tool .
But then , as has been rightly said by someone , " We are the victims of our own greedy needs " .
This is very useful for them .
But by then we had already bought the product and ended up losing the money .
and we say that these countries are gon na be the next developed countries .
My 10th and 12th exams are very good .
If they do something , they go for another until they know how it works and what is useful to think of it .
I am sure that most of the kids knew that this was not the way their parents taught them , because they do not know why it was wrong or why they should do the way their parents told them .
We can see young people working in other countries or working for others with tools like telephones or the Internet , even if they look like they spend their time just for themselves by being whole day in their room .
Also , most people prefer to entertain athletics rather than other arts .
Therefore , he likes to do risky and strange things and he enjoys it .
But after a few days , I found myself enjoying it .
However , what if they just work for a field in which they already know how to do well , they might feel sad and tired .
I believe having broad knowledge to specialize in one specific subject outweighs having broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
In my opinion , if someone thinks one is more important than the other , why not focus on one ?
And people feel more awkward when it comes to their ears that this is something going on as a current event .
He would never want his business or company to be stagnant .
However , I would prefer traveling by myself with a good preparation filled with joy .
The carebendiocside is very harmful for people .
and I had heard " success attracts success and money attracts money "
Also they can go shopping and buy new fashionable clothes .
It 's a really good film .
After that I studied in more depth about the topics and understood the ideas and concepts of the topic .
When the forest is caught on fire the wood turns into ashes , which is pottesium .
In my opinion , cars will be made full use of in twenty years .
in the fact that a lot of academic subjects can not be used separately .
According to the lecture , management should plan carefully when hiring well-trained people or teach them how to manage the fire in a better way before fire .
And it is important to have emotions in classes like history or social studies .
In the old age , people have left all the burdens and they are doing their own interesting work .
Every time we meet , I look forward to new things .
Although some people say that treasures have already been found .
As far as I am concerned , I agree with this statement . However , some people do not agree with my opinion .
Carusage in the United States is very important in everyday life , as well as in many Latin American countries and third world countries .
However , companies tend to cut their profits for workers .
Many people are willing to buy these cars .
One is the Copper Scroll .
Another solution could be the development of more fuel efficient cars , which could also be good for America 's car manufacturers , who will produce more attractive cars to sell to other countries .
Consequently , I agree with the statement with regard to three reasons : effecting of view , face to face with people and for the first time .
First of all , the population of the world is going down .
My wife and I always go to Tokyo around December .
Therefore , the problem of running out of fuels is out of the question , thereby augmenting my view that the number of cars will continue to rise and not decline .
The first effect is global warming .
So , Ho Chi Minh City will develop
People like to drive different types of models and they want something extra in it .
These useful skills that I learned from reality are going to be the greatest gift for my future career , and they can not be found in text books anyways .
That 's why I will not work as hard as I am alone .
High cost produces high quality medicine .
This is an important thing .
books sometimes have old information so it will be wrong .
Against those problems , people started to use cheaper transportation instead of cars .
However , I agree that having knowledge is useful whenever we need information .
But when the teacher asked me if I understood it , I said yes .
So I disagree with the statement and I think it is much better to specialize in one specific subject than to have a broad knowledge of many academic subjects .
Raising tax for gas can be the most effective and possible way to decrease the use of gas for three reasons .
Next , kids are more attractive to advertisements .
Successful people explain any other matter and discuss any other problem .
But it is dangerous , because some drivers cause trouble with other drivers and when some drivers crash their cars , then the streets are busy .
Because it is already a fixed data so nobody can create problems with this type of literature .
Also , the professor indicates prescribed fire should be careful when we use prescribed fire solutions .
If they can not pay the high prices any more , people have to change into a bus or a train .
This will reduce the pollution caused by the carbon dioxide from cars .
Moreover they have to learn about advanced course material .
Age , in my view , sometimes is a barrier to doing things in life .
In simple words , they say they lost their appeal .
For example , nursing students study in a nursing college for three-four years .
I believe that the quality of products mentioned in the shops are exactly the same as those given in the advertisements .
Then , define your goals and work hard to achieve them .
Critics of this policy focus on three points : first , Yellowstone fires scorched a large area of land and therefore a lot of plant species were lost .
In my past experiences , there were some lectures which were completely based on facts , and the chance for me to apply them is just rare .
When you understand the idea , there is one way that you can figure out the statement that you see in these moments .
However , a lot of reasons explain that the placebo effect does .
In today 's world there is a high and almost unreplenishable thirst for change .
The kids can stay outside every day and play .
Firstly , I think that communities equal human relationships .
It may spoil your health also .
Water is needed for life .
I see many times on TV rich people are interested in politics , sports , new technologies and also in space .
As a result , studies in Britain have shown that fluoride increases the activity and can lead to more bone density and therefore less bone fractures among the elderly .
Also , sometimes , people may meet some new friends in the traveling group .
If students just learn facts , they will forget them soon , but this will not happen so easily if they properly understand the concepts that are behind the facts .
As for when I started completing my homework on time , I gradually improved .
because if I study in this way of course , I will gain so much . I also will have a lot of information about the book I study .
When you understand the concepts and ideas it is up to you to prove them , to see if they are really what you have been told , I think this is the main reason why students prefer facts rather than just understanding ideas and concepts .
For example , if you are attempting to study arts and sciences and to get equalifications in both , you are an extraordinary creation .
Therefore , as long as it is a country where I can understand their language , I will travel alone .
The government will try to do something to not pollute the air .
So in this field it is very important to understand all concepts and ideas which they gave us and use to solve problems .
Because they emit 20 % of the whole carbon emission .
Trying to combine the process of my opinion is easier to understand one thing ( process , as I mean ) than to remember many divided facts or dates .
It is also to take risks rather than only doing so .
No scientist would have ever come up with their wonderful inventions and the world would never have progressed .
There will be technological development in the future , but that will only promote the use of public transportation , but not cars .
Not being with a guide gives you the liberty to visit the places you want to visit at your own pace and with the liberty to consider any place you want to go .
Usually in the advertisements a presentable face is used . They try to present some models , nice babies , known faces as sportsmen , only to let the product look better than it was .
Not that bungee jumping is something that every young person wants to do , but even if he wanted to do it , he probably would n't be able to .
Close-up video clips of a juicy hamburger flying around the screen , surely satisfying the models eating it , could easily create in the viewers a false sense of being hungry and urge them to hop into their car and drive to a fast food restaurant nearby to get what they have seen .
So only time will tell what actually happens .
As we all knew when we were out something we could n't expect would happen , such as disease , accident or something else .
and then , makers of cars need to develop the systems for safety almost completely .
Third , the professor agrees that the gas prices in the United States are cheap , and they should raise them to save the environment and people 's health .
Nowadays , there are many people who think they are the most important thing and they only have to work for themselves .
In general , there are many people in a book .
But they do things in a different manner than others , which gives them success .
People feel more secure and comfortable travelling in their own car rather than changing to several public transportation vehicles and reaching their destination far later than they would desire .
The second critic of this method is that the customer loses all critical reflexes and that he is not on guard .
As a result , it will be easier for you to learn many things .
In short , these were critical parts that contradicted the reading materials .
I think it 's harder for a successful person to risk something , they could lose much more than others .
We can have a glance at what is happening in the world through accessing the internet on mobile also .
So the importance of communities in society has decreased .
but found that successful people use the people 's money and use their ideas for a way to success .
In my case , when I did a job interview , the employer asked me questions about things like society , policy , art , and so on .
At some time they have to face failure and a lot of struggles .
Because it transmits the habitats from Eastern Europe to different places in the world .
Considering a family going shopping on the weekend .
The other reason is many people see some exotic cars as a luxury that encourages the industries .
Now the market is occupied by lots of cars with varying comforts .
It is also undeniable that if a man has diversified knowledge , it would be of immediate use .
In my opinion , I think advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
So , some people use a car only to travel somewhere .
They have to think twice before performing even routine activities in life .
Most of the actors , soldiers , workers and students are young people .
To respond adequately to the world we live in , we need to understand it first .
In fact , even today , most of these systems run on electricity , which can be harnessed in several non - polluting ways .
Compared with older people , they do n't even have enough time to enjoy their life .
Also its been on all the sections because we use the head phones . It makes a lot of noise and it is seriously very hard to stay on task .
They are clean and big and so on .
and rolling stones gather no mass says proverb .
It is difficult only to watch education .
And there are a lot of critics concerned that the required testing is so long that declined the value for patients .
I have a reason to study English .
Buses should be reserved for spots where there is no possibility to set up tramway routes .
I think that it is not always fair because not all students work in the same way and with the same responsibility .
Of course , things are new and very risky .
For example , little children are told not to cross the street at a red light , because it is so dangerous that we can not let kids learn from a crash .
In my opinion , students need knowledge .
So , because more people are able to buy cars , the demand for cars will increase and so , the production of cars will also increase and , in the end , this means that the number of cars will increase from now to twenty years ' time .
First , they spend a lot of time on the computer , so they do n't know how to communicate .
I would also like to say that understanding concepts and ideas is a much more important way of studying for students .
I ordered them and was promised that they would be delivered to my house in a few days .
We know that prescribed burning shud be repeated every few years but it 's very expensive to spend every few years .
The second difference between the encylopedia is that there are a lot of viruses and hackers on the internet and one of the hackers can easily change the information about any kind of topic .
If I want to win a case in court in - for example , a case where technical questions are to be considered- it is not enough to just know about the law .
Second , if there is any problem with the goods .
Some people might say " hey how does energy come " .
Successful people try to do new things like any machine can help people .
However , the problem is how long will it take us to find out that we are actually controlled by the advertisements and the perfect image they gave us ?
Consumers are not likely to buy a pair of trousers when the claim is that they will increase the capacity to fly .
Hence , German students will have to work harder , think much more and thus become even more skilled .
One reason is that endangered animals are breaking nature .
So I think having self - confidence is more important than having knowledge .
A younger person , however , will need time to define his or her wants in life .
The work should be good , and not just a bundle of meaningless .
natural disasters always bring economic damage .
It 's rightly said , life is not about adding years to life but life to years .
First , advertisements make me buy something unplanned .
There are two major reasons : it is beneficial to socialization and mental health .
For these reasons , I have to get a high score on the TOEFL .
I believe this number is increasing and will continue to increase as generations of educated people pass on their wisdom to their children .
In my opinion , the need for community service and volunteerism arises in the absence of adequate resources or when somebody is not fulfilling their responsibilities .
When I consumed that drink , I came to know that we should not believe the advertisements .
But it is very different from the one in the passage .
They just create impression so well that people are dragged into buying it .
Since I liked the areas inside , I bought the car a few days later .
Exactly like master of none and Jack of all .
The economy would benefit because this would enable it to have a worldwide compete with the car manufacturers .
He and I are good pals but we do n't want to get a lower score than each other .
It is composed of not only seniors but also university students .
One of them is the long term wastefulness of the process .
And if knowledge is in all the area 's , then it gives you an added advantage to your knowledge level .
That is because if I became a member , I could be highly valued by my friends .
So governments and scientists are also promoting the less use of private cars as they are one of the greatest attributers to air pollution .
People use public water to drink water .
That will never cause an economic problem .
because it is not very easy to use .
But in my opinion , if you want to be a successful person , you should be brave to try new things and take risks .
On the other hand , scientists agree that the predators are beneficial to control the population of the menhaden .
Do we consider her a smart girl ?
For example , in a chemistry class , when you talk about oxygen being needed for a burning process , you can give a fact to support your idea , which is you can put out a fire with a blanket by cutting the oxygen .
Every beginning has its end .
We will match them together .
They explain the specific points using examples of dinosaurs ' behavior and physical appearance .
The lecture mentions Mongol court records of the time .
It is harmful for many other animals as well as pollutes the water sources .
First , the teacher is making the right way to give to us , so every teacher is giving confidence to students .
We do n't usually study these subjects very deeply .
You often find people investing money in inventions only to sustain their own business .
For instance , many people use airplanes , ships , and trains .
As a former Law Teacher at the University of Belgrano , I have experienced the problems students face when taking their oral law examinations .
First , students are very critical and always have many ideas to develop their opinion .
They may go to the house where the elderly person lives , and help to eat food and walk .
There are a lot of big streets in my town .
The young passed the diseases to a couple of people here . The young are still enjoying life .
It would be a really wasteful idea .
For example , they can read again if they want , and back to the page that they can not understand or they are impressed .
Tour guides are generally trained and certified by some supervising entities , therefore they are expected to be ready to provide the best possible guide to their customers .
However , I still believe that learning facts is important for students .
while you will be helping each other at work together after graduation from university .
He usually brings a book , and asks something to someone , he wants to understand the book
The operation room is not a bookmaker 's office or lottery house .
This means the more languages you know , the better you can come along to other countries .
Recently scientists have been working on a new generation lie detector that can perform brain- scanning to find out if the person is telling the true .
By keeping his focus on one industry and one subject , he ensures that he is up-to-date and fully aware of all the current happenings in the industry or subject .
They succeeded and they had the power .
It will always be a plus for them .
There is going to be a huge market if the product is totally brand new , which is equal to a large chance to make more and lots of money .
Before wasent like that , we were all tha times under the voluntad of the man , and depending on the economy from him .
When you are a teenager , you start experiencing some sexual changes , which in contrast changes your way of thinking , thinking more about the other gender than thinking about toys , enjoying going out with some friends , than staying home playing with your toys .
This will help them to get good marks .
By avoiding this , it will lead to a much purer and natural world for our future generations to live in .
In extreme cases , some even gain weight because of this .
Firstly , some important events happening in other countries or areas may happen in the place you live someday in the future .
I feel that with the environmentally friendly benefits and with the attachment that society already has to cars , people will keep riding cars .
I do not want to go to the Effel Tower in Paris or The Statue of Liberty in New York when I travel because they are too famous , so I already heard and saw about them .
Others would like to spend more time shopping than going around the places .
I feel this will give jobs to people also because all car companies would have to adjust to this change , from gas into water fuel use .
As a student who learns many subjects at the same time , I found it very beneficial .
So it is complex , looking after many new employees every year can be difficult .
In this case the advertisement totally made an impact on that baby .
Maybe they enjoyed life when they were young too .
Lastly , business owners thought factories would help reduce their overall business expenses by reducing their transportation costs .
When I talk about research I mean ask people that have products like friends , family or go to forums on the Internet .
As it is important to see your work in the context of the whole car , he now still benefits from his broadly chosen majors in college .
Successful people have to do things stablely and do what they already know how to do well .
The students must have improved to get the correct view of the grade .
There are more people in every area .
Firstly , the population of the world is increasing exponentially .
This person guides you through paradise and takes you to wonderful places .
Really successful people gained their fortune by doing something new , something that no one else had ever done before . That means that nobody knew how to do it well . That was their risk .
and you stand nowhere in any subject .
This way anybody can achieve success in his life and career .
There will be a lot of members who have gone to the surface of the moon and they will be landing safely on the earth .
Now let 's take the example of a millionaire who has n't managed to let go of his childish ways .
Without facts there will be no ideas or concepts developed .
For example , when I was a freshman at Meiji University in Japan , my classmates and I traveled to China .
Some people dislike traveling in groups , having to follow strict time schedules , and following rules .
In this case , older people can drink and can go to a lot of places , such as night clubs , bars and so on .
A specialist in any field will have better job opportunities . Of course , he will not have as many opportunities , but whatever it is , will be far better .
Second , many disadvantages of cars will cease or decrease in the coming years , which will make it more popular than at the current time .
The same will happen to taxation on cars and gasoline .
Nowadays , drinking soda has become an addiction to most people .
Thus a series of people got together and asked the guide to change the schedule and the guide could not help accepting their opinions .
Hence , these advertisements may convince people that the brand being advertised is actually the best quality product , when in fact it is not .
This economic system is the best .
He pointed out that climate plays a role in the erosion of materials .
If they are a family who likes to go places , they would prefer a car over other vehicles .
If we have a job we like , we will love to do the job no matter how difficult the job is .
If you want to actually know somebody , you can spend the whole day with that person or place , but if you do not , you do not even speak to that person or even go there .
an 7unsuspection user cannto tell the entry has vees tampered with .
This is prevented if a broad choice is given .
Usually I do n't want just myself in an unknown place .
I think cars will not be replaced completely by new automobile innovations but they will certainly be in fewer numbers .
Now , I am a really happy girl because I have gained my confidence .
Those advertisements make products seem much better than they really are .
but in contrast , the lecture professor states that it is impossible that video is not expensive .
And to do that we need to move .
Does age actually have an impact on the way you live your own life ?
Robots can work all day , and no one is tired .
Eventually , some of them wanted to buy the product .
A successful therapist needs to know that one treatment can help one person but for another it could not be appropriate .
In today 's world we have just developed the first aspect .
I had lots of problems studying science .
It 's great importance is conscious of the bad consequences of its decline if people continue to prefer lying down at home watching bad TV programs and other ways of an easy culture , maybe more attractive to them , but bad for our future .
So we are more successful on the day of the exam .
professors need them to do a project .
And when you order a big mac and see the size of it , it 's nothing compared to what you saw in the commercial . I feel like looking at it on their face .
But I can not use only my own subject to design a building .
Although life is never easy , age does n't depend on when you can be protected or prevented from bad things .
If not , we do not need to start its procedure .
It is called " ballast water " .
If there are many people like me , then the fashion market will develop .
The student must be capable of understanding ideas and concepts , and at the same time , knowing the way they must be developed .
We are also able to deal with the problems found with it .
Second , there is evidence that associates the Sphinx with a known Old Kingdom king .
The companies want to show their product as the best one in the competitive market and in this race they generally mislead the consumer .
First of all , the lecture thinks that taking the gas tax to reduce the number of gas consumers is not good for economics .
But if he uses one machine like that , if he wants , he can do another differently , but he does n't think that , because he does n't know his own abilities .
And I think that young people were more politically engaged in previous times .
but as we are young our body generates new cells .
It is a brilliant idea , and you know that you are really good at working with small boys and girls , but you have to risk your work , your salary , and with this almost your life for an idea that may or may not work .
It 's modern life now .
Brifly , sharing the cost of a vacation trip is a very good advantage for travel .
There are youths who acquire immense pleasure and self satisfaction by helping in community work .
In order to get ecocertification , many wood companies around the world have introduced new ecologically friendly practices .
For example , you worked as a broadcaster but in the office and city where you are working .
She knows just what the teacher has told her but no more .
When I have been to Europe by using this , I can save lots of money .
The last one is that the proposed limit on menhadenhresting could mean the reduction of huThis problem is not just in Menhaden but also in several countries .
If the status of cars is still at the present level , something else , of course , will take the place of cars in our lives , but history tells us that advancement will never stop .
On admission to university the subject breaks down in very many subjects .
They would use bicycles due to the relatively cheap cost and minimal need for maintenance .
It will also be unfair , because it would affect low-income Americans much more seriously than well-to-do Americans . In the listening part , the woman explains that in reality , raising gasoline tax does not reflect the real economic damage .
But this is not the situation for the old people .
This might contribute to a decreasing number of cars , especially in developed countries , like we found them in Europe , for example .
People who are trying to get into a good university study by themselves everyday while I play around without reviewing and studying .
But that is a different situation , because at this stage , the graduate will have already guaranteed his/her bachelors ' degree .
When facing such challenges , only those who are perseverant , determined and always strive until the last minute despite of the risks can finally be successful .
I was so mad at the tour so since then I have liked to travel by myself or without a tour .
You can benefit from this knowledge in many situations .
But they are not examples for the whole &raspsquo ; &raspsquo ; young people community '' ...
and Governments will not provide a good public transportation system for many years to come .
People are not dependent on other people or timescedules , for example , trains , trams and buses .
1 7-50 people survey to require all class and selective class .
For example , nobody is going to ask his personal doctor what he sees when he has the flu if he can also do heart surgery or transplant organs .
As a young person , you can do some high risk sports like climbing a mountain . For example , that would be too hard for an old person to do .
We ca n't stay on the internet for a long time .
They take us to far places at quite a fast speed without much human physical exertion .
And people are not ready to pay taxes .
Furthermore , by this evidence you will agree .
We went to Pink 's hot dog .
In old times , families tend to live in the same place for ages .
However , many companies joined them and also sell textiles .
And details are the key element here esp in the academic domain .
For example , my parents went on a group tour to my country in Korea last summer .
Through this you can learn and gain knowledge .
People are not and should n't be robots .
I think that young people are not able to think deeply about things other than older people .
Cars have become an important thing in our lives .
My friends are celebrating the party .
I was upset and depressed .
For instance , when I was a university student , I researched and reported about community history in groups .
Thus , most of the inhabitants in the rural areas are the old ones .
This is very positive for the company and he will probably get a better position .
While air travel has increased in recent years , there has been no decrease in car travel or car sales .
The product is always presented in a perfect way .
On the one hand , you have the general practitioners who look at all the basic problems related to the body , while on the other hand you have the specialists who only take care of specific areas , whether it be an orthopaedic surgeon ( related to bones ) , a cardiologist ( related to the heart ) or an ENT ( ear , nose , throat ) surgeon .
The definition of young or older is not apparent .
Every knowledge is connected to each other .
First , the hunter is the most dangerous thing in this world for the bird .
Hence , in twenty years , the need for man to go out and get what he wants will be beyond question .
Thus , in my view , the points made in the lecture surely challenge the specific details or the points made in the reading passage more effectively .
That is to say , not all the old things lead to failure .
The reason these problems occur is also because of the exam .
What would be its environmental impact ?
This affects the environment of the world in case of wasting energy .
If he satisfied his situation and did not make efforts to overcome himself , not only could he be remembered as a great artist , but we would also never have seen so much great music .
He may feel afraid or terrible when the same thing happens to him .
Some people might bring good plans to you .
When older people think like that , it 's a big problem for young people .
Many scientists searched the area , but they could n't find any particles .
The question : which is more important ; making students understand ideas and concepts or to learn facts , can be answered based on the level of learning which the student is undertaking .
Some people say that placebo is really a drug . About 30 percent of patients agree with this idea .
Because they can get a great amount of money from these companies .
The so delicious , golden fries seen on television , might actually be pale , potato stumps , fried to almost perfection in very very very old oil .
Therefore the government in America should decide to raise the gasoline tax .
It will eat insects or animals that will do damage to places so that it can avoid losing or repairing things .
Parents now have less time to bring up their children . Grandparents might therefore help them more often .
After that they have to find a well-paid job .
But about myself I 'm gon na have it because my brother always talks about it and I agree with that broad knowledge .
And it does n't matter if the person who takes the risks has , as a result , all the things he or she has in mind . The important thing is that they do all the things and they prove that they can do a lot of things in their lives , always thinking about good results for themselves and for the whole world .
I once read a report that said that during the Vietnam war , more Americans died on roads in their cars than on battlefields .
I know Bill Gates , president of Window Media , is the best in the rich world .
With only facts , the students can only guess about the reasons behind the facts .
The cost of the underground is very cheap in some countries such as France .
For example , it happened to me when I studied the concept of inflation .
It would lead to tremendous air and noise population .
I especially practiced hitting rather than receiving .
People also do not do anything .
So , to achieve that goal , different techniques are used .
so they will be able to get more knowledge in their free time .
So let 's not lose hope and let the scientists do the job , but I think being in a traffic jam is a stressful situation . It requires time and patience and there are many more disadvantages to the large number of cars .
When I was a senior high school student , I spent all of my time studying textbooks for tests .
For example , there may be elderly travelers which may cause slow movements due to their inability to walk fast .
This is evidence the company that made some products had to pay lots of money to the broadcasting breaus .
Many people surrounding you admire you for your multi-knowledgement , and try to be familiar with you .
First of all , it allows one area to become more developed .
On the 21st our young people can learn a lot of academic subjects .
Many climbers died because of the coldness and lack of oxygen .
The new things bring the brainstorm which other people can not get .
The government would like to reduce the population with these fishing limits .
Like disking would stop an advancing fire .
I would spend as much time as I want , if I like visiting places .
So if you want me to choose right now , I will choose ordinary milk instead of that special kind .
These days our communication is also in a very good step .
They sometimes teach poor people who can not afford to go to college , and also , they teach poor kids too .
If you randomly find a hotel , it might be too expensive , or it could be unsafe .
But not moving and always keeping to old things can not improve a person 's life .
Local communities have the main role of protecting children if such children are their own children or not .
If they are urged to understand the concept that is being passed on and interact with the information , the learning process will take place in a completely different way .
How they found their work place or food , so they had no space for their communities in their mind .
His success belongs to his new try .
But if one who majors in art also learns something about natural science , he will be lucky to be equipped with the ability to think more logically .
Movies and other television shows provide a lot of information about how real life is .
There are many ways for this . Another example is a bottle of juice . If it tastes bad , they make their shape wonderful , like making it colourful .
It is because they do not think the new thing to promote or make people feel very good .
Other tourists would give you some tips for travelling with their experience .
The government also should try to reduce the striped bass population .
A lot of memories with enough time to remember will increase the possibility of enjoyment .
Scenes of violence can affect them .
While the communities in general have reckoned that they need support from young people , they must have made an appeal for it in a reasonable sense .
